got a mortar and pestle to make a spicy
marinade for the chicken
crack open cardamom pods and add ground
ginger coriander cinnamon grated nutmeg
cloves of garlic fresh coriander lemon
juice olive oil and seasoned
[Music]
now pulverize to form a paste
pour over the chicken thighs and leave
to marinate for up to two hours
[Applause]
to cook griddle on a high heat to get
wonderfully charred meat
once the chicken is cooked warm through
tortilla wraps on the same griddle then
simply slice your chicken
and put your rap together
tapas shredded cabbage
chopped spring onion and your favorite
chili sauce
ready in 20 minutes sticky succulent and
utterly moorish spiced chicken wrap
[Music]
start by chopping chicken thighs into
pieces now on with the marinade chopped
garlic ginger red chili
and lemon juice in a pan toast coriander
and cumin seeds to release their flavors
grind and add to the chicken
then pour over plain yogurt add turmeric
and season mix and leave to marinate
from 2 hours to overnight next fry
chopped onions in olive oil then add
chopped garlic and ginger ground
coriander gamrath ala and turmeric
tomato puree and butter
next add the marinated chicken and all
the remaining marinade and cook until
tender finally top with coriander
marinated for flavor and cooked in 20
minutes chili chicken with ginger and
coriander a simple stress-free wander
[Music]
start by making the intense jerk
marinade first scotch bonnet chilies
they may be small but had real heat and
a fruity punch
then chop garnish and fresh thyme
[Music]
for spice add ground cloves cinnamon
nutmeg and allspice
[Music]
season with salt pepper and combined
with olive oil
next score chicken legs so the hot spicy
flavors get deep inside the meat rub
thoroughly with the jerk mix and
marinade
[Applause]
and olive oil to a hot dish Brown the
marinated chicken for 10 minutes
then add Worcestershire sauce
cover and cook in the oven at 220
degrees for 20 minutes
[Music]
hot spicy chicken easy to make and
finger licking good
[Music]
Jack making the hell wasn't pickling
please now if you love pickles right
love and favorite pickle what is it
I like pickled onions we do pickled
celery mm-hmm it's a nice little snack
and great for plan ones great for salads
first thing we need to pick the celery
for me so you see where the next one's
gonna be this in there yeah okay I'll
forgive up I'm hungry today is this all
we're having for dinner
Jack come on I wouldn't do that to you
know that there's more coming now
because we're picking it we want to sort
of make it look a little bit more
attractive so we go round all that okay
on an angle so when you pick all the
food does it does it preserve it it's
exactly what he does but also gives it a
real nice salty sour flavor yeah okay
now special water anymore the sugar okay
so gotta bring that to the ball it's
like straight almost like a little syrup
yeah okay little teaspoon of pepper
corns in must have seeds in quite
generous on the muscle seats that gives
it a bit of sort of spice now those
close
excellent close in now touch a salt no
okay
so from there white wine vinegar now in
order for all that to actually pickle
you need to boil it
so by boiling it I can't it brings all
the ingredients together
yes uses all the spices and helps cook
good celery have no taste
nice nice EF doesn't has no chest look
movies working already
now see hmm nice salaries ready yeah
okay
that's what's the ball now turn off now
from there it's placing the celery into
that jar so when you pick one of the
foods
can you use that same recipe exactly
that 100% once this pickle it doesn't
really go off okay yeah put them in
there so can we go straight away when
it's in here do you know what soon as
there's cooled down you can definitely
know straight away can't wait to dig
into it how many dishes yes
we'll leave that to cool down our
pickles are ready and cooling now to
marinate the chicken on fried chicken
traditionally it's always gonna be done
with a dark me the brown me so you got
that nice sort of air drum here and this
bit yes I couldn't on the bone as well
keeps it even more moist so first things
first salt pepper please from then
butter real thin it's brilliant for
marinating the chicken if you can put
this buttermilk over your chicken the
night before the more it tenderizes the
chicken it starts to sort of really
relaxed the chicken and puts a really
nice sort of creamy sorry flavor in
there so might stick that in the fridge
first please the buttermilk should have
worked his magic on the chicken all
that's left is to fry it now we're gonna
roll the chicken out of the buttermilk
into the flour that's why it's nice and
crispy and blistery on the outside okay
so what we're going to make sure because
the flour is the last coat yes this is
nicely seasoned okay so salt and pepper
in there nice and this is smoked paprika
so that gives it a little bit of sort of
maybe yeah I hope ya spice that's right
a little bit of heat and this one my
favorites what's that cayenne pepper
that's right again slightly spicy but
the heat works pretty well
garlic powder traditionally you're used
a lot in the States onion powder garlic
powder just run your fingers through
that please only get the panel now 2
centimetres of oil this is really good
mix for fish as well you go John's
fighting a nice spicy texture helps fish
so first thing so we just shake off some
of the buttermilk lay that down okay
really important to get them covered
completely okay in the flour yeah
so I love fried chicken do now lift that
up there the first one then you place it
in there away from you
off you go nice and gently okay lay away
just if any stage you think the oil is
getting too hot yep just add a touch of
cold oil in there yeah I'll turn off the
gas
because gently fry the chicken for 25 to
30 minutes or until cooked through now
very carefully turn them over please
yeah jack five chicken everyday--
no definitely not it's a treat and it's
shallow fried so once every three weeks
yeah great for me yeah now offer the gas
okay yeah paper ready okay onto the
paper
so them I love fried chicken I'm telling
you pretty sure I love it running look
here's the best bit delicious now pie
chicken pickles if you pick up and don't
you let your cakes
we are ready but very nice that's good
one of the things I love about cooking
I think you can be excited after 25
years behind the stove is that there's
always something new to learn every day
new ingredients new techniques and new
cuisines start off with a stuffing
it's amazing how exciting I stuffed
roast chicken can be because it keeps
the chicken incredibly moist and gives a
delicious texture inside the bird
we will start off with cured sorriso
this is a traditional Spanish sausage
and it's garlicky spicy incredibly meaty
that gives a little bit of sort of
richness to the stuffing get our cereza
in start cooking that down and get all
those oils out touch of olive oil in
there to get it going right onions chops
add the onions to the Sarita and in a
matter of seconds they'll change color
as they soak up all the flavor but
lovely spiciness has been stolen from
that sausage now the onions smell
incredible garlic garlic in fresh thyme
just hold it down and your fingers on
there and it's a really nice way I've
taken off all those nice fragrant little
thyme flowers in here crackling in the
background
these are kyleannie beans in their waxy
very soft and so delicious but very
dense but for stuffing their solar bus
nothing breaks down drain them off
in there gonna take on all that juice as
well from the freezer
we're seasoned now because if they dense
so need some help that looks like it's
addition on its own I'm doing up sweet
now or I sweeten things up a little bit
tomatoes half dried in that sweetens up
just stuffing beautiful there's
nothing's ready look at the color
everything but Spanish it looks
delicious
now stuffing the chicken I like taking
off these little knuckles as the chicken
cooks the skin stretches over the boning
getting a really nice drum and take off
those little wing tips as well
salt better so important now your
stuffing when I go right inside the
chicken
push it down this really helps to cook
the bird evenly because you're pushing
out all the empty spaces in the carcass
and take a nice large lemon push the
lemon in pick up the parcels nose and
the skin over olive oil on top
salt pepper teaspoon of paprika sprinkle
it on and then put your hands sort of
rub that it you'll see what the paprika
is doing to the chicken for putting it's
like sweet spicy marinade it slightly
roasted yet but it looks delicious 400
mil of white wine same quantity of water
that helps the chicken to steamed
chicken in be generous with the thyme
sprigs
[Music]
make sure the fall is folded tightly
around the roasting tray so the chickens
themes in the oven keeping it moist and
juicy into the oven cook for 1 hour at
180 degrees with a foil on nice take it
out and remove the fall lid then give it
another 30 minutes to crisp up that skin
[Music]
it's so important to make sure you tear
that tinfoil off with half an hour to go
beautiful pierce that open squeeze it in
that delicious gravy mix that into the
tray and sip that that's a really nice
fragrant lemony spiced roasting juices
to finish before we cut up the chicken
take out an amazing stuffing mm-hmm
incredible
I'll have that which you can / potatoes
any day and then just get your chicken
roasting juices now to cut the chicken
out hold the drum the slices straight
through
and there's a wonderful drum under thigh
through the wishbone off slice with the
point at an angle so you can see the
texture that amazing roast chicken
just take my cooking juices so I give
you nice sort of lemony flavor over my
chicken there you go a delicious very
charming stuffed roast chicken
[Music]